Subtitles by explosiveskull
("Young Love" by Sonny James)
♪
♪ They say for
every boy and girl
♪ There's just one love
in this whole world
♪ And I know I found mine
♪ The heavenly touch
of your embrace
♪ Tells me no one
could take your place
♪ Ever
♪ In my heart ♪
(Door Bangs)
(Laughing)
Oh I love this woman!
Kiss me!
Dan: Mwah, mwah,
mwah, mwah, mwah.
I love you.
I love her.
I love you, I love you.
Congratulations, congratulations,
good luck to you
and your baby.
Congratulations,
congratulations.
Dan:
I love her!
Thank you!
Good night!
♪ Young love (young love)
♪ first love (first love)
♪ Ever true
♪ Devotion
♪ Young love (young love)
♪ our love (our love)
♪ We share with thee emotion ♪
(Acoustic Guitar Music)
♪
♪ Just one kiss
from your sweet lips
♪ Will tell me that
your love is real
♪ And I can feel that it's true
♪ We will vow to one another
♪ There will never
be another love
♪ For you ♪
(Distant Siren Wails)
Wife.
Ew.
You're my wife.
Don't say that word.
- Wife, wife, wife, wife.
- Ew!
Wife.
My wife.
Husband.
- Oh.
That really works
for me, though.
I like that.
Franny:
Oh!
Dan:
We got married, Mom!
[Laughing] Pearl:
Oh my God, oh my God!
Did you hear that, Jim?
I'm so happy Danny
that you are married.
Dan: Yeah, yeah, I made an
honest woman out of her.
Aren't you going to
say anything, Nate?
Congratulations, honey.
Thanks, Dad.
What? They
already did it.
What's there to say?
Pearl:
Joanne, Nate,
you'll have to come visit us.
Oh, Pearl that-that
sounds just lovely.
Pearl:
Sorry, you're frozen again.
What was that?
Oh, okay Mom, I think um
I'm going to find
some better wifi here.
Um, can you hear me now?
Pearl:
Ah, it's still off Danny.
Dan: Mom?
Pearl: Hello?
Dan:
The more you move around
Yep.
Dan:
Can you just
stop rotating the camera.
[Whispering] I need coffee.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
What are you two going
to do about money?
I don't know, Mom.
Make it.
Neither one of you has a job.
Franny:
Dan's a very good actor.
Joanne:
Who's never booked a gig.
He has booked gigs.
He's booked tons of gigs.
I don't know why you
quit working at the firm.
Your father could
still use your help.
Franny: Mom, I told you.
I'm a writer.
If I take a job then
I'm suddenly that thing
and I'm not a writer.
We're giving you money.
We don't need it.
I just wish that you
would have invited us.
[Laughing] Dan:
I know.
Oh, great.
You guys made coffee?
Amazing.
Mom, you see this kitchen?
- Pearl: Yes, it's beautiful.
- See the kitchen?
- Pearl: Oh, it's so (mutters).
- Mom, it's a good kitchen.
(Orchestral Music)
♪
Dan: Can you grab that for me?
Franny: Yeah.
(Clunking & Banging)
Franny:
You want me to do it?
I can do it.
You just got to twist the thing.
Dan: I gotI got it.
Franny: No, you
Dan:
I got it.
It's hard.
Do you feel better?
Your little tummy.
My tum tum?
Your tum tum.
♪ You were all that
I could want ♪
Franny: You can have
as much as you want.
We're rich now.
Woman:
Really?
Franny: Yeah, we got all this
free money from our wedding.
Maia: Shit man, maybe
I should get married.
I'm so poor still.
Yeah, it's pretty sweet.
So far we've gotten like
$800 from like,
aunts and uncles and
my mom's weird Mormon friends.
That's amazing.
We should get hitched.
Cheyenne:
We'll get hitched.
Just get loaded, yeah.
Franny: Mmhmm.
All right, let's do it.
Cheyenne: Okay.
(Women Chuckle)
Dan:
You guys want burnt hot dogs?
I'm sorry, I left them on
the grill too long and
I just, I was not thinking and
I was looking, drinking beer
It's okay.
Maia: Aw, married!
Cheyenne: Married!
Okay. Okay.
(Giggling)
Cheyenne:
You're married, you're married!
Dan:
I know. I'm a married man.
Don't touch me like that!
(Laughing)
Franny:
That's cute.
Dan:
You guys want anymore beers?
Whoa, that was a nice one.
Cheyenne: You would fuck my
grandpa, that's for sure.
Maia: 'Course I would!
He's a sexual man.
Cheyenne:
I wouldn't put that past you.
You were always the
first to do everything.
Franny:
That's not true.
Cheyenne:
Oh, my God. It's so true.
- No!
- Yes, you kissed a boy first.
Spin the bottle with
Michael Lapner?
That doesn't count.
It does count.
[Laughing] Franny: No way.
You gave a blow job first.
But I taught you the
proper technique.
You know, twist, twist.
Lick, lick.
No teeth.
(Fake Moans)
Franny: Grandma, oh, oh!
(Laughing)
Franny:
How sad and gross.
Yeah.
Franny:
Ew, we were just little kids.
I know.
Kids giving blow jobs.
Franny:
That's wrong, that's wrong.
Thinking about
that now is like
We were little.
Franny: That's fucked up.
Yeah, yeah.
You were the one to
get pregnant first.
Cheyenne:
Yeah, I won that one.
But this is big.
Yeah.
Cheyenne:
Dude, it's big.
You should throw a party.
Franny:
That's what we're doing.
No, like a real party.
Like a real wedding.
Franny:
No, no no, no.
All that wedding bullshit.
It's not really our thing.
Oh, come on.
Of course it's your thing.
- No.
- It's everyone's thing.
Let's celebrate.
- I don't know.
- Fine.
I guess it's easier
to just run away,
go to the courthouse,
have no one watching.
No, it was cheaper.
Cheyenne:
Mmhmm.
How did your mom take it?
She flipped.
Oh!
- Joanne.
- Joanne!
- Fuckin' Big J.
- Big J!
- Big J, J!
- J's in the house.
(Giggling)
Cheyenne:
Oh, she must have flipped.
Oh, it was-oh it was like,
the worst day of
her life for sure.
Cheyenne:
Oh, got a text.
Franny:
What?
Oh, holy shit.
This fucking guy, oh, okay.
Listen to this.
Okay, "I want to shave your
pussy and put it on my face."
- Franny: Oh, shit!
- Yeah.
That's awesome.
You have to date him.
♪ But I leave the
ending up to you
♪ The ending up to you ♪
(Acoustic Guitar Music)
Man On TV:
At this point
I'm running against the clock
and I taste the
soup and I decide
I'm fed up.
(Mutters) gas your reflux.
Man on TV:
Throw them in the mixer.
It's a big gamble but
it's the risk
I've got to take.
(Loud Beeping)
Shit.
Come on.
(Loud Beeping)
It's the second time
it's done it this week.
- I know.
- I need to get a new one.
I know.
Dan:
Oh, wow.
I'm going to flip
my hair for you.
Dan:
Hair flip, yeah.
Say what you want,
that works for me.
- I think it does.
- Yeah.
Yeah, it's good.
It's the-it's the,
looks like a mermaid.
Franny:
Yeah.
- Ooh?
- Oh, it's like
- Dan: It's common pasties.
- Oh!
- Dan: I get it.
- Yeah.
- Is your rash gone?
- Really?
- Yeah.
Dan:
All cleared up.
(Phone Beeps)
Oh, fuck.
Dan:
Hey, I gotta piss.
- Hey.
Oh, fuck!
(Atmospheric Music)
♪
Hailey: Thanks for
taking care of the place
and Pablo gets one of
these morning and night.
Cool?
Dan: Yeah, cool, cool.
Great.
Hailey: Okay.
Dan:
Great. Awesome, thank you.
This is uh,
this is a really nice
place that you got here.
Thanks, yeah, I
bought it last year.
You own this place?
Yeah.
I mean, it's a bit much
though, don't you think?
I don't know, I mean,
you work hard,
so you deserve it.
Hailey: Do you like
being a dog walker?
Uh, no, no, I hate it.
Actually, I'm scared of dogs.
No, I'm terrified of dogs.
Uh, I don't
it's a deep-seeded
like childhood
kind of phobia
thing that I have.
Oh.
Are you serious?
No, I'm joking 'cause
that would be weird
if I was a dog walker.
- Yeah, it would.
- Yeah that's-
You're an asshole, so.
Well, you're dumb.
Cool.
(Wind Blowing)
(Leaf Blower Whirs)
Dan:
Oh, you got groceries!
Franny: Hi, baby.
Dan: Thank you.
Oh, you got popsicles too.
Franny:
But don't, I mean,
there's only a few
of them in there.
(Humming)
Franny:
I found some noodles.
So I forgot to
tell you, but, um,
I got a job.
- What?
- Yeah.
A real like, adult person,
human job job.
Don't look that surprised.
Franny [Laughing]:
No, no, no, that's great.
Dan:
That's embarrassing.
I'm so sorry.
That's so good!
This is so good.
I'm sorry.
- This is so great.
- Yeah.
What's the job?
Um, so you know that
actress uh Hailey Turner?
Uh, I don't know her.
Oh. She was in um the
"Hotel Romania" movie,
"The Last Bucharesting Place".
Oh yeah, that sounds awful.
Yeah, well, they're
going to do another one.
She's going to Lithuania
to shoot another one, so.
Oh, my god.
Did you get a part
in the movie?
- Uh.
- Oh my god,
you're going to look so cute
getting hacked to bits,
you're so cute!
No, I got a job housesitting
for her for six months.
- Yeah.
- That's cool.
We'll have like a cool not
shitty apartment to live in
and they have like,
HBO and a pool,
and I think I saw this
trampoline at one point,
which is cool and we only
have to take care of like,
like her dogs so like,
one's a puppy and
the other one,
I think there's
something wrong with it.
Right?
We got to live in a cool
house for six months.
No, that's cool.
- Dan: Yeah.
- I mean, it's money,
which is great.
Dan: Yeah, yeah.
Plus, we can afford a
party for our wedding.
Dan:
Didn't we already do that?
Yeah, but like, a real one.
- Dan: Oh, like, a real one.
- Yeah.
- Dan: Like a fancy person.
So everyone knows
how badass we are.
- Dan: Well, we are badass.
- Yeah.
No one's ever
gotten married before.
We're the first people to do it.
- Yep.
- Yeah.
Just getting married
'cause we want to and shit.
It's crazy.
I'm tired.
Take me to the couch.
No, I don't have to carry
Carry me to the couch.
- Again?
- Yep.
- Okay.
You owe me.
All right.
Franny:
Oh, my god.
This is so cool.
(Dan Laughs)
Dan:
Let me take you to the crib,
show you how I live.
What's good?
This is insane!
Check out my spot, yo.
I know, right?
It's big.
- And we're here.
- Oh, whoa.
Not bad.
This is awesome.
Hailey Turner.
- I like it.
- You like it?
- Mmhmm.
- I did good?
- You did good.
- Oh, good.
Dan:
Want to try out the bedroom?
Franny:
Oh yeah.
Show me the bedroom, baby.
(Dog Whimpers)
(Soothing Music)
♪
What, wait what are you doing?
I got the job.
What?
Franny:
I got the job!
The game show I
sent my stuff to?
They just hired me as a writer.
Woo!
Woo, oh yeah!
My wife is the smartest
woman in the world!
Look how hot she is!
Check her out!
She's very attractive!
We're going to be rich,
and she's so hot.
Can I get a Nintendo?
Franny:
Wait, what if I suck?
- What if they fire me?
- Shh.
You're great at everything.
And she's great at everything!
Okay, let's go have
sex now on the beach.
She likes having sex with me,
I can't believe it.
Oh I'm so excited!
(Eerie Music)
♪
Commentator: Tornado Tammy
starting out strong on the rings!
She's trying to swing
herself to glory,
but Rachel's not having it
and takes her down
into the balls!
(Audience Cheering)
(Phone Rings)
Hello, Goosed!
Please hold.
Franny: I'm really
excited to be here.
I've always wanted to make TV.
Well then you came
to the wrong place.
Franny:
Oh.
You want to know
what we make here?
Franny:
It's a game show.
It's like uh Duck Duck
Goose only better.
What do you get
when you combine
heart
and fart?
Art.
That's what we make here.
- Wow.
- Yeah.
It is wow.
I'm excited.
I'm excited for you.
(Sighs)
[Whispering] Hey, what
did you say to him?
Uh, nothing.
[Whispering] 'Cause uh
that's a really bad sign.
Did he find out he
can't have sex with you?
What?
Well he because he probably
wants to have sex with you,
or at least think that
because you're a woman
and he's the king of all
men that you will want him
and now he's found out
that you have a boyfriend.
- A husband.
- Oh!
Oh that's bad.
Sorry who are you?
Jesus, he's such a narcissist.
He's angry at you for
denying him the sex
he thought you'd so
desperately want,
which probably led him to think
about all the sex he's wanted
and not gotten from all
the women he's ever known.
You sent him down a really
deep, dark rabbit hole
and it's just your first day,
you work fast.
I think he's just busy.
Yeah.
No.
Franny:
Well I'm really busy.
I have to get started
on these intros.
Cool, I'll let you get to it.
Noah, Gavin wants you
for the script meeting.
All right.
Excuse me, hi.
Uh, who is that?
Man:
Noah Barringer?
He's the head writer.
(Sighs)
What a pack of dicks.
(Reggae Music)
♪ Better get ready
come do rock steady
♪ You got to do
this new dance
♪ Hope you are ready
♪ You got to do it
just like Uncle Freddy
♪ If you don't know it
♪ Just shake your head
rock your body line
♪ Shake your shoulders
everything in time
♪ Then see oh oh oh oh oh ♪
Hey, what are you doing?
Oh my god.
That was scary.
Come play with me.
I can't, I've got to work.
- Come on!
- No.
Dan:
Look what I'm wearing.
I found a box full of whip its.
I can't.
- And I also found this.
- No I'm working.
- Come on.
- No, ow!
- Dan: Come on.
- Do that again.
At least come
swimming with me.
No I want to finish this.
Why do you have
to finish this?
Because it's my work.
What do you mean it's your work?
It's not important.
It's just you writing
for your dumb job.
Come on, swim.
Swim.
Stop.
(Sighs)
Later.
(Reggae Music)
♪
(Keys Clacking)
(Chattering)
Okay people it's
almost showtime.
Look alive out here!
Okay, uh, Richman, Tompkins,
Barringer.
Need everybody on set pronto.
Uh, Winters, how's it going?
Fine.
Oh that's frosty Winters,
that's very frosty.
What did I do?
Was it me?
Was it you?
Ah he's got you doing
grunt work again,
that's a tough draw.
No I like it, it's fine.
- Really?
- Yeah, really.
Um, I can put in
a word with him,
get you down on the stage
when we're doing the tapings.
You could help us produce.
Ah no, no thanks.
- I'm good, I like it.
- Okay, cool.
We got drinks tonight,
it's a Thursday tradition.
You should come.
(Stuttering) I'm not
gonna make it, but, uh,
thank you.
Okay I'm gonna give
you one little pointer.
He loves adjectives, so if
you could just sprinkle in
a couple of zanys or sneakys
he'll think you're a genius.
Okay, cool.
Even if you do
stand us up tonight.
Cool, okay.
And he thinks he's better
than everyone else,
and the other thing is,
he's not even that funny.
Huh, what are we, who
are we talking about here?
Are we talking about, um,
Gavin or the other guy Noah?
Noah, no Gavin is
definitely not funny
but Noah, everyone there thinks
he's so funny but he's not.
And he doesn't
even pitch he just
points out why everyone
else's ideas are bad.
And you know who the
other people are?
- You.
- Me.
- Dan: Yeah.
- Exactly.
- So annoying.
- It's hard.
What do you think I should do?
I don't know honey,
um maybe
just ignore 'em if you can?
You know, don't let
him bother you.
Yeah, probably.
Could we try this again?
Franny:
Yeah sorry.
Dan:
Okay, okay.
Leonard, Sydney, Jack
Oh no, stop that please.
- Can you please stop?
- Isis?
What is this?
Dan:
Can you not read those?
I forgot those were there.
Can we run it?
- Can we please run it?
- Penelope, Carmine, Christmas?
- Potential baby names.
- What?
What?
Tambourine?
- It's for a little girl.
- Well obviously.
You've clearly put a lot
of thought into this.
Mordecai, are we
raising him on a shtetl?
Dan:
Franny, come on, please,
let me, just run
the lines with me,
don't be mean.
Okay, sorry.
And that's why at Wendy's
we only offer the best.
Wendy's salads aren't fresh,
they're furesh dawg.
(Giggling)
You think I should do
the dawg or like that?
What?
I'm sorry, it just
says right here
that you're also going to
be dressed like a dog.
Okay, thank you for taking
this very seriously.
Franny:
I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
You're too funny.
That's a good problem.
I'm leaving for work.
Jesus, already?
(Background Chattering)
Woman:
We need makeup in here!
Man: Guys, guys, this
whole area is on camera.
Man:
Can we get last looks on Stacy?
Okay music run, for camera!
(Upbeat Music)
♪
Winters, you joined us.
Gavin:
You got those intros?
Yeah here.
Let's hear 'em.
- Now?
- Now.
- You-you want me to-
- Mhmm.
In this high octane
episode of Goosed,
Brian, an accountant from
Toledo, bites the dust
and things get zany when Mary,
a housewife from Calabasas
surprises everyone with
her dynamo foot speed.
Buckle up, you're
about to get Goosed.
I love them.
Cool, thanks.
Gavin:
Nope, stay.
We could use you here.
Man: All right people,
back to ones.
Oh thanks.
Man: Okay, okay,
rehearsal is up.
Lights in five,
four, three, two.
(Upbeat Music)
Stacy: I'm Stacy Delacourt
and this is Goosed.
(Slow Country Music)
♪ It's been bliss and misery
♪ Getting my summer's dream
♪ That look in your eyes
♪ That brings life
to many things ♪
Franny:
Oh, sorry.
♪ Driving me right out ♪
- Oh, hey.
- Hey.
Where you going?
Here, I was going here for
Thursday night work drinks.
Well that's cool.
I didn't think you
were gonna show.
Well, here I am.
Noah:
Thank god because
looks like everybody
else bailed.
Will you buy me a drink, please?
I'm your boss.
Come on!
What do you want,
what do you like?
Franny: Um, whiskey,
they have whiskey?
- You have whiskey.
- Yeah.
- They have whiskey.
- Awesome, thank you.
We are in luck.
Wait, you grew up in Glendale?
Uh, no, I moved there
when I was 12.
I'm from Arcadia.
- Oh jesus.
- Oh it's not that bad.
- Oh I think it is.
- It's not that bad.
- You're from New York?
- Mhmm.
- Like the city?
Cool.
Here's the real question.
I know Gavin is a total dick,
but otherwise how are
you liking Goosed?
I like it.
- Um, today was awesome.
- It was right?
Today was awesome!
I'd like to have my
own show someday.
You?
You will.
- You think?
- Mhmm.
- No I know it.
- Thank you.
I guess I just hate waiting.
You know what you are?
You're adorable.
Ugh, that's condescending.
Just because I'm
younger and I'm a woman
you assume I don't have a
problem being infantilized.
Stop it, stop it please
you have to let me finish.
You're also a super
duper cutie pie.
Ugh, asshole!
You have to let a
man finish, come on.
(Slow Music)
God, who put this on?!
This isn't fair,
this isn't right!
I mean, what the fuck?
(Cheering)
(Burp)
Dan:
No.
(Sighs)
Female Porn Star:
You're my fucking slave.
(Moaning)
God his cock is
so fucking good!
(Moaning)
Female Porn Star:
Oh yeah, oh yeah!
(Moaning)
Female Porn Star:
Oh yeah, oh yeah!
(Grunting)
Female Porn Star:
Say it fucking louder!
(Groans)
Female Porn Star:
My sweaty ass.
(Moaning)
Female Porn Star: Feels good
to sit my ass on your face.
Dan:
Oh, fuck me.
Oh fuck.
Oh shit, this is
Hailey's fucking, ugh.
I got it inside the pages?
How did I get it
in the pages?
That's awful.
(Sighs)
- Franny: Come on, just tell me.
- Mmmm.
Franny:
You're avoiding the question!
Fine I was once a playwright.
What, no!
Noah:
I know.
It's actually
better than I hoped.
Noah:
It's hilarious right?
Yeah.
Playwright from New York.
Noah:
I know,
who woulda thought?
So what happened?
Nobody liked your plays
because plays suck?
Noah:
Plays do not suck,
plays are the highest
form of dramatic art
and I was actually
pretty good at it, too.
- Oh yeah?
- Yeah.
How good were you?
I had two plays published,
I had a decent
review from Isherwood
who said I was a
wordsmith to watch.
- Franny: Oh Isherwood, nice.
- Yeah.
I know my own reviews.
I can quote 'em
all back to you.
We need more booze.
Noah:
You know what,
we need to eat.
Wait, this-this-this way.
Noah:
This way, here.
Franny:
Oh thank you!
Noah:
No I got it.
Hey Bowser, you read this?
You read this?
"Someone somewhere can you
understand me a little?
"Love me a little
or am I sentenced
"to a lifetime of solitude
"floating alone down
life's river of pain?"
Dude!
You gotta look after your mom,
she's floating down
rivers of pain in here.
Jesus.
(Sighs)
Let's take a look.
It is so hot in Romania.
(Moans)
Thank you.
(Whispering) This
steak costs $62.
Noah (Whispering):
I know.
You have a good job,
you can afford it.
I never even spend
$62 on shoes or
a doctor.
Oh, well maybe
that's the problem.
Problem?
You don't have a problem.
Franny: You just said
that I have a problem.
- Noah: No.
- You did!
You clearly just said that.
Come on, tell me,
I can take it.
You remind me of me
when I was your age.
I always wanted so much,
but then when I
got what I wanted,
I was always too
afraid to take it.
(Buzzing)
Noah:
Oh my god, one second,
sorry.
Oop, that's my wife,
one second.
- Sorry.
- No it's okay.
Noah:
That was rude.
I didn't know
you were married.
Noah: Yeah, I've been married
for three years now.
Oh wow.
- It's frigging awesome.
- Yeah no, so good.
So intense, but it's also it's
like I think the pinnacle
Franny:
Everything feels deeper.
And there's a sense
of calm knowing
that you find your
person, you know?
Noah: Yeah absolutely.
Sally, my wife, she
Sally, right.
Sally she's so beautiful,
but she's got like
a beautiful spirit.
Franny:
Yeah.
No Dan, Dan is so
good, you know?
He's just incredibly good.
I'm lucky that he's
the person that I love.
Thank you.
Look at this.
(Laughs)
- Franny: Oh my god!
- I know, right?
That's so much meat
in one man's mouth!
- I can do it too.
- Oh, yeah?
(Garbled) You're living
the dream, baby!
You're living the dream.
There's this awesome
El Salvadorian bar
right around the corner
Franny:
Uh, II should
I should probably go home.
Noah:
Probably.
Sally's probably
waiting for ya.
Nah, she's out of town.
Goodnight.
Yep, see you tomorrow.
Noah:
And every day after!
(Sighs)
(Eerie Music)
(Indicator Ticking)
(Heart Beating)
(Dramatic Music)
(Indicator Ticking)
(Increasingly Loud Heartbeat)
(Horn Blaring)
Driver: Nice driving asshole!
(Tires Screeching)
(Indicator Ticking)
(Windshield Wipers Whirring)
(Wind Blowing)
(Phone Vibrating)
I'm sorry.
Dan: Yeah, but you didn't
call, you didn't come home.
Yeah, no, I texted you.
Dan:
You did?
Franny:
Yeah, like a bunch,
and you never texted me back.
Well, II didn't get 'em.
Franny:
Well, I sent them.
It's 'cause of the hills.
I guess.
What did you do?
Um,
I just, I blanked and I
drove home instead of
to what's her name's house.
I was tired so I
decided to stay here.
Dan: Yeah, that's-that's
great Franny,
but like, if you're
not gonna come home,
you have to call at least.
I was worried all night
Yeah, I texted.
Okay, that's not
enough though.
You have to call me, okay?
I was worried.
Okay, I'm sorry.
Dan (Stuttering):
You know what?
- That's-that's not enough.
- I'm sorry.
Dan: Did you have fun
last night at least?
Was it-was it
Who was there?
Like what?
Franny? Franny?
Fucking hills!
Let's go, let's go,
come on, come on.
You're taking your
shit, let's go.
(Dog Panting)
Cheyenne: You're freaking out
'cause you have a crush?
Franny: I'm not supposed to
feel this way ever again.
All of my love
and my, you know,
my sexual everything
it's-it's
it's all channelled into one
person now and that person
- is Dan.
- Dan.
Dan, exactly, exactly.
- Resolved.
- Good, great.
I gotta get back.
Okay, thank you.
Morgan's being such
a little bitch.
I'm like dude, this
place is fuckin' empty
- I had a fantasy.
- Woah.
I had a sex fantasy.
Okay, okay.
Franny:
About Noah.
It's like, you know
like, oh, you know.
- Like when you just wanna.
- Oh my god.
You know? Like-
(Choking Sounds)
Cheyenne:
Okay.
Please help me.
Jesus, you just have a pussy.
- Yeah.
- Okay.
You have loins.
You're human, you-you
wanna fuck the dude,
he wants to fuck you,
you're a human,
he's a human,
that's-that's how humans work.
I know, I know, I know.
Listen.
(Finger Snap)
Are you listening?
- Yes.
- Okay.
This guy is not special.
Yeah.
No, you're right.
Okay, you good?
- Yep.
- Okay.
- I gotta go.
- Okay, bye.
Bye.
Love you.
(Bells Ringing)
Dan: Woah.
Franny: How's that?
Dan:
Hey, pretty good.
Pretty good.
- Looks awesome.
- Yeah.
What?
I got you something.
What'd you get me?
(Franny Laughing)
(Jazz Music)
Oh, my, what is this?
What are you doing?
(Jazz Reggae Music)
♪ Win or lose
♪ This is my game
♪ Right or wrong
♪ I play it my way
♪ And if I make mistakes
♪ It's my own
heart that breaks
♪ I've got to find my way
♪ All by myself alone
♪ I only have one life to live
♪ I only have one love to give
♪ No matter what he is
♪ he touches me
and makes me his
♪ Now we're in love
♪ I only have one life to live
♪ I love what I livin'
♪ I only have one love to give
♪ And I'm gonna give it
♪ No matter what he is
♪ he touches me and
makes me his, oh yeah
♪ Now we're in love ♪
Merry Christmas.
Dan:
♪ I don't know
♪ What change of
style it brings
♪ But right now ♪
I'm sorry.
Dan:
What are you sorry for?
I don't know.
Everything.
[In Between Kisses] Dan:
Nothing to be sorry about.
♪ I only have
one life to live
♪ I love what I'm livin' ♪
(Birds Chirping)
I had a dream last night
that we had lots of sex.
Wanna have that dream again.
Oh, shit.
- Dan: Hey.
- Shit.
Dan:
Where you goin'?
Why are you moving
around so much?
Franny: We had sex without
a condom last night.
Why did you let us do that?
Why did I let us do that?
Fuck.
Dan:
Relax.
Where are you going?
I'm going to the drugstore.
I need to not be
pregnant right now.
Where the fuck are my jeans?
Dan: I don't know where
your jeans are, baby.
Just calm down, okay?
Come here.
Franny, Franny, Franny
Franny, Franny, Franny.
(Stuttering) Just take a-
No, don't.
Can you please sit
down for one second
- I have to go.
- And we can talk about this?
- No, I need to go!
- Franny, sit down.
Franny: I need to not
be pregnant right now.
Sit down, sit down, okay?
We can talk about this.
Slow down.
It's okay.
Huh, it's okay.
In the off-
in the off chance that
you're pregnant, right?
(Sighs)
We can make that
decision together.
You know?
I-I, you know, I wanna
have a baby, so it's-
You do?
Yeah, of course.
Right now?
- I don't know, soon.
- Soon?
I don't-
I feel like we've
talked about this.
Well, we have not
You read a list
of baby names
That list was a joke.
Dan:
Jesus, it was not a joke.
That's how you tell me
you wanna have a baby?
If you were
pregnant right now,
would you keep the baby?
- No.
- Why not?
We're married.
I can want to be married to
you and also not want a child.
Are you saying to me
that you never want to
have a child with me?
No, that's not what I said.
That's not what I said.
Why are we even talking
about this right now?
I'm not gonna have a baby.
What do you want?
I don't wanna fight.
Get you your little drop here.
(Dog Whimpering)
Gotcha, and I gotcha.
Okay, okay.
That was easy.
Now you have X-ray vision.
X-ray vision.
(Dogs Barking)
Hey, um hi,
Hailey Turner?
This is Dan,
Dan Delaney.
Do you have a second?
I-I just wanted to talk
to you about Pablo.
Is he allowed up on the couch?
(Chimes Ringing)
- Hey.
- Yeah.
What are you doin'?
I was just gonna finish
this and then I'd go home.
No, Gavin wants
you to run the set.
- Let's go.
- Really?
- Yeah, really.
- Okay.
Noah: C'mon.
Franny: Coming.
(Giggling)
Noah:
Don't giggle like that.
Dan: Yeah, Pablo found a whole
slice of pizza in a bush.
Hailey:
No way.
Yeah, yeah, the
little guy got it
in his tiny little mouth.
He's quite the rascal.
He's the biggest rascal
in the west, aren't you?
Yeah, he's a good boy.
I'm so happy that you're
taking care of my babies.
Dan:
They're my babies now too.
Franny:
Dan? Are you up?
(Dogs Barking)
Hailey: I gotta go shoot
my death scene now.
Don't I look cute?
Very.
Hailey: Bye Dan.
Alright, see ya.
(Sighs)
You're still up, yay.
Yeah.
Hi.
Hello, hey.
How are you?
How was your day?
Good, fine, you know,
it's fine.
Just fine?
Yeah, yeah.
What did you do?
Nothin', just, you know,
walked the dogs,
sort of thing.
Okay.
Wanna know what I did?
Sure.
Oh, I had the craziest day.
So we're on our second
taping of the night, right?
And Gavin makes Noah
and I completely rewrite
everything we had
done the night before.
Like, everything,
which is totally crazy
because Noah had this great
idea that Gavin either
never fully understood
or understood too well
and was threatened by
and therefore scrapped it
before it had the
chance to work.
I got so mad but Noah just
takes it in his very calm,
zen-like way, you know?
He has this great
attitude of like, this job
doesn't define me.
Isn't that a great attitude?
I have a bad attitude,
I should fix that.
(Sighs)
Okay, what's wrong?
Why don't I ever meet the
people that you work with?
You come home and you're
talking about all these people
that I've never met
and you talk about
them all the time.
So I'd like to meet
them at least so I
Trust me, you do not
wanna meet Gavin.
He's such an idiot,
Honestly, you would
mock him to his face.
You wouldn't be
able to handle it.
Okay, what about Noah?
Meet Noah?
You wanna meet Noah?
We could all do dinner.
We should have him and
Sally over here for dinner.
It'll be like our
first dinner party.
Wanna do that?
It'll be fun.
Dan:
Yeah, that sounds good.
I'd like that.
Okay.
Did you know you have
a mole on your neck
shaped like Florida?
Yeah, that's
always been there.
(Engines Whirring)
(Solemn Instrumental)
♪
Franny? Hello?
- Hey, this place is unbelievable.
- Hi.
Franny: Yeah, it's
pretty great, right?
This is, uh, Sally.
- Hi.
It's so nice to meet you.
- Yeah, I've heard-
- I've heard, yeah.
(Chuckling)
I've heard so much about, um.
Dan, this is Noah.
- Hi. Nice to meet
- Hi. Nice to meet you.
- Here.
- Hey, wow.
Thank you.
- Hi, Dan.
- Sally.
So everything's
kind of over there.
Dan:
This is nice.
You smell great.
Dan: This is nice, this
is not from Trader Joe's.
I know that much.
Sally: No, it's not.
Dan:
We have white wine, beers, uh
Sally:
And of course,
an hour before our wedding,
all the power along
the PCH goes out.
- No.
- Oh, yes.
So then I lost my mind.
I just became a total spaz.
I mean, like, bridezilla.
I was crying,
I was screaming,
I may or may not have
thrown something.
Noah: No, you only threw my
phone against a wall twice.
(Laughing)
I know, I'm sorry, honey.
But I have a good excuse.
See, I was completely insane.
Franny:
So what happened?
It's giving me sweats
just thinking about it.
Sally:
Thank you.
Noah, god bless him,
he sat me down,
he dried my cheeks,
and he said that he
didn't care where or when
we got married.
Could be in the fucking
dark for all he cared
I did not curse on
our wedding day.
You did, you totally did.
And you said that nothing
could ruin this day
because it would
always be our day.
Wow, that's
- that's beautiful.
- Yeah, that's really beautiful.
We should remember
that for our wedding.
I thought you were married.
Franny:
No we are, we just
we never had a real wedding.
Probably never will.
No, we're going to.
We're going to, now that I can
afford it, we're going to.
I think in March, right?
Sure.
March is great, springtime.
Noah: So Dan, what is
it that you do again?
I know you don't get to
see Franny very often
'cause she's locked up in
duck, duck, goose jail with me.
Dan: I'm a dog-walker,
so I do I walk dogs.
Noah: Why did I think
that you're an actor?
Franny, you told me
he was an actor, right?
- He is an actor.
- Oh I do that as well.
- He's an excellent actor.
- No, no.
Uh, two years ago was the last
time I was paid to act, so.
Yeah, I'm an excellent actor.
Daniel Day Lewis over here.
I'm a consumer consultant.
Cool, that's awesome.
I'm really sorry about the fish.
Noah: Oh, no.
Sally: Oh, no.
I just feel so bad.
It was supposed to be like a
like a poached
halibut um something,
- brown sauce.
- No, fish is hard.
- Lemon really helps.
- Mhm.
Yeah it is, it is hard,
that's why I told you
you shouldn't try it.
Which wasn't very helpful.
Well, I set the table.
You did.
He did set the table.
And the forks are
on the left side.
Oh, babe?
Will you get more wine?
(Dogs Barking)
Noah: Did I tell you I'm
training for a marathon?
Franny:
What?
You're becoming one
of those people?
(Laughing)
Noah: I know, it's awful.
Sally: It's awful.
Uh, I got some, uh,
some leftovers if you
guys are interested.
It's leftover chicken
from this morning.
If you guys want
some, it's chicken.
Want some honey?
- Sure.
- It's for you.
Thank you babe. Mmm.
- Want some?
- Oh, it's really good.
Thank you.
(Moaning)
I'll-I'll have some.
- That looks good.
- You don't have to do that.
It's fine.
Oh, it smells good.
You want some?
- I'm okay, thank you.
- You sure?
- It's really delicious.
- No I'm really okay,
thank you.
Sally: It's good and cold.
Dan: There's dark meat
and some light meat.
And I don't know, what's
the difference between
dark meat and light meat?
- The colour.
- The kind of the-
- the kind of the chicken.
- Where (sighs)-
Yeah.
The owner of this house has
unbelievable penmanship.
Sally: Gorgeous!
Noah: I'll say that for her.
This is incredible.
Franny:
Yes, this is the chick.
That's her face and this
is the inside of her soul.
Noah: Wait a second.
Franny: Wait, you gotta read,
you gotta wait 'til
you get to the poetry.
Noah:
There's verse?
Franny: This chick, she writes like,
she's in these fucking movies
but she writes.
Noah: This is gorgeous,
these are gorgeous.
Franny: Gorgeous.
Noah: These are gorgeous.
Franny:
We should use these.
Noah: What's her rhyme
scheme of choice?
Dan:
Hey, hey, stop!
Stop that, don't read that.
- Stop reading from that.
- Sorry sorry sorry.
Dan:
Don't-don't read this.
This is-this is private stuff,
no one else reads this.
We were kidding.
Dan:
This is my job, Franny.
I have a job too, you know.
I know.
Dan:
Do you?
Because you're not
treating me with any
People need respect.
Huh? People need respect,
she needs respect.
Everyone needs respect.
You know, this woman,
she's-she's-she's
something else, man.
She-
she gets it, she understands
and-and you're making fun.
And that's not nice,
it's very rude.
I-I-I just-I just think
it's very-very bad taste.
(Clunk)
Dan: Oh fuck.
Sally:
Oh, Dan.
Hey man, I'm so sorry.
Dan:
Fuck!
I'm sorry, babe.
Dan:
I'll be walking the dogs.
♪ On the morning you left
♪ The wind was kind
♪ It told us to believe
♪ That the strongest of hearts
♪ Could overcome
♪ The length of every mile
♪ Put between ♪
(Acoustic Guitar Music)
Franny:
Jesus.
Hey.
What are you doing?
Ah sorry, I was just-
I was looking for the bathroom.
I saw this.
Now this is some good poetry.
(Franny Chuckles)
What's up?
Are you okay?
Mmhmm.
Do you ever feel
like something?
Sometimes everything
is just hard?
All the time.
Do you remember where we work?
Here listen to this.
"A mermaid found
a swimming lad,
"Picked him for her own,
"Pressed her body to his body,
"Laughed; and plunging down,
"Forgot in cruel happiness
"That even lovers drown."
God I hope Dan knows
how lucky he is.
Thanks for dinner.
We'll let ourselves out.
(Dramatic Music)
♪
(Car Blinker Clicking)
(Suspenseful Music)
♪
(Swelling Heartbeats)
(Brakes Squeal)
(Heavy Breathing)
Noah:
Hey!
What the?
Franny?
You just rear ended my car!
Franny:
Um-
Noah:
You texted me
that it was like an
emergency or something-
No, I'm fine.
- Are you drunk?
- Everything's fine, no.
You're a little drunk.
No, I-I'm fine. I just-
Just what?
It was hoping that,
uh, like, um.
What?
(Heavy Breathing)
We can go to my apartment.
Noah:
Yeah.
Franny:
Right here?
Noah:
Yeah.
Is that okay?
Oh, my god.
Are they your tits?
Oh, I'm sorry.
What?
Franny: My shoes.
Oh.
All right, there.
Is that all right?
Yeah, okay.
Okay, okay.
(Loud Orgasmic Cries)
- Noah: Is that all right?
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
- This is good, right?
- Noah: Yeah.
- It's what we wanted.
Noah:
Yeah, absolutely.
(Heavy Breathing)
Noah:
Okay.
You okay?
Franny:
Oh, uh.
(Heavy Breathing)
Noah:
Okay, yeah, I'm going to cum.
Franny:
Okay, don't cum inside.
Noah:
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
Sorry, sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Okay.
Oh, shit.
- That's, there, ah.
- All right.
(Heavy Breathing)
Noah:
Sorry.
Oh god.
Wow.
It's a whole process, huh?
Yeah.
Noah:
Okay.
Uh, you'll-you'll shoot
me a text though, right?
When you uh-
when you're back, just
so I now you're okay?
- Yeah.
- Okay (laughs).
(Car Door Slams)
(Engine Whirrs)
(Solemn Instrumental)
♪
Dan:
Franny?
Where were you?
Dan:
On a walk.
Tonight was the worst.
Dan:
I know.
I know, I'm sorry.
That was my fault.
All my fault.
What's with you
and that diary?
Nothing.
What's with you
and that guy?
Nothing.
Hey, don't cry.
Come here.
Don't cry.
Come here, baby
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry too.
It's okay.
I love you.
- Franny: I love you, too.
- I love you.
Ow, ow.
You got to be careful
because I hurt my nose.
It's hurting.
(Groaning)
(Retching)
Are you okay?
- (Retching)
- Oh.
(Retching)
(Sombre Music)
♪
(Sighs)
No, not a choreographer.
Like, an actual...
Anyway, can we just
find something else
besides a v-neck?
No, I'm not being funny.
Please just like, something,
something slimming.
Yeah, I don't care.
He doesn't look good in cords.
You can tell him from me,
it's not the lighting.
It's his face.
Trust me, orzo is
not gluten free.
I don't care what
he's telling you.
The catering is
absolute garbage.
We need more sandwiches.
Bye.
(Whispering) Hello.
(Whispering) Hi.
How are you?
I'm good.
How'd you sleep?
Um, I slept great.
How 'bout you?
Good, good.
Uh, so last night, I-
Hey, you know, I have to-
I have to get these
revisions to Gavin asap.
Cool, okay.
Noah:
But I'll see you later, okay?
(Office Chatter)
(Sombre Music)
♪
House keys,
um eye drops, medicine.
Yep, that's it, boys.
I think that's it.
So in an hour, your
mom's going to be back
and, uh that's it
then I'll be gone.
(Sombre Music)
♪
(Sighs)
(Sombre Music)
♪
(Security Alarm Beeping)
(Barking)
- Dan: Hey.
- Oh, my god!
Dan:
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Woman:
Oh, uh.
Who are you?
What are you doing here?
Oh, I'm the, uh, I'm
the-the dog sitter.
Who are you?
I'm here to take
care of the dogs.
Hailey said you'd be gone?
Yeah, yep.
Yep. That's where I'm going.
Um, I'm going now.
Um, I-I gave uh
Apollo his eye drops
and I-I fed both the dogs.
(Barking)
See ya.
Franny:
Stupid.
(Brakes Squeak)
(Honk)
Are you happy?
Yeah.
Want some ice cream?
Nnn nnn.
(Video Game Chatter)
Hey.
Love you.
Love you too.
(Sighs)
(Loud Dance Music)
♪
This girl is getting
married tomorrow!
(Cheering)
(Loud Dance Music)
♪
(Retching)
Dancer:
Ugh, okay sweetie,
it's time for you to go home.
(Panting)
No, I don't wanna, I'm
going to stay here.
You look so pretty.
(Sighs)
I'm fine.
(Sobbing)
Everything's fine.
I'm just stressed,
which is normal.
Everyone's stressed.
Shh, just take a deep breath.
(Exhales Heavily)
Maybe it's just like,
that the first
year of marriage
is the hardest, you know?
Like, that old saying.
And like, in a few years,
I'll look back
at it and laugh.
(Chuckling)
Joanne:
Baby, look at me.
That saying's bullshit.
The first year
should be your best.
It wasn't, none of us
would stick around
because it only gets harder.
Much harder.
That's horrible (chuckles).
Life is horrible.
Baby girl.
You should be busting
at the seams right now.
No.
I feel really stupid.
Joanne:
Oh no, baby, no.
I just feel bad.
Joanne:
Oh my sweetheart, no.
You didn't hug me
enough as a kid.
I think that's why I
have so many problems.
(Sobbing and Chuckling)
Really?
(Sombre Music)
♪
Franny:
I was a bad wife (chuckles).
I think I was a bad wife too.
(Chuckling)
(Somber Piano Music)
♪
(Cheering and Applauding)
Man:
Come on, guys!
Dan:
Hey guys, hello.
(Microphone Feedback)
I'm so bad at this.
Um, hi.
Thank you all for being
here for our wedding party
for a wedding that
already happened.
We like to do
everything backwards.
Um...
but that's not the only
reason why we're here.
Yeah, there's something else
that we need to tell you, um-
We don't want to
be married anymore.
We tried it and
it wasn't for us.
We tried.
You don't know if
you don't try.
To Franny.
Man: Cheers.
Woman: Cheers!
(Applauding)
(Cheering)
(Sombre Music)
♪
(Rock Reggae Music)
Subtitles by explosiveskull
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org